Added helper-chart doc to docs (#29)
distributed-technologies/SCCP-documentation: helm/helper-chart.md

# Helper charts
### Dependency

> One of the idear of a helper chart is that is provides a standard way of deploying the same resource together with different charts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The purpose of a helper chart is to provide a standard way of deploying the same resource along with different charts.
```

But then you have a second chart that also needs a `ceph-bucket-claim` so you do the same thing, add the resource to the template folder.

But now you have two charts that uses the same resource and this could be done in two different ways.

This is where using a helper chart would be helpful, instead of making resources in the template folder for both these charts, you instead add a dependency to both charts.
Something like:
```yaml
dependencies:
- name: helper-ceph-crd
  version: "0.1.0"
  repository: "https://distributed-technologies.github.io/helm-charts/"
  condition: helper-ceph-crd.enabled
```

This will then work like the umbrella charts where you write the name of the dependency chart as the first map and add values to that map.
f.eks.
```yaml
helper-ceph-crd:
  enabled: true
```

Will enable the chart with the default values (Not adviced).

Of couse you would have to add the right values to the helper chart, but refer to the helpers `values.yaml` for that

So now instead of having a `ceph-bucket-claim` resources defined in each chart, you have a reference to the same `ceph-bucket-claim` in the helper chart, giving us a single source of truth for that resource.

> ### Stand alone helper chart

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Stand-alone helper chart
```

There is also a second way of using a helper chart, as a stand alone deployment.

> Lets say some deployments want's to use the same bucket to share data between them. instead of the `object-store`,`storage-account` and `bucket-claim` being tied to a single application and it's lifespan it could be deployed as a standalone with it's own lifespan.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lets say some deployments want to use the same bucket to share data between them. Instead of the `object-store`, `storage-account`, and `bucket-claim` being tied to a single application and it's lifespan, it could be deployed as a standalone with it's own lifespan.
```
